---
title: Student Unmanned Aerial Systems Competition
author: Sponsored by Lockheed Martin
layout: post
category: project
---
For the SUAS Competition, I initially contributed to the Object/Image Recognition team, developing Python and Slurm scripts for dataset creation on the school's High Performance Computer (HPC). I also developed the color detection model for aerial target detection and implemented Docker containerization for our ML pipeline. After a year, I progressed to Software Team Lead, where I am coordinating a 6-member team as well as assisting in integration between the software and NVIDIA Jetson Orin Nano.

---

#### Key Contributions:
**Software Team Lead, August 2024 - Present**
- Coordinated task management and enforced coding standards for a 6-member team using Github and Github projects, reducing idle time by 20% and optimizing workflows to enhance code quality and consistency.
- Spearheaded the integration team's efforts to develop the ROS structure for the entire computer vision pipeline, ensuring seamless communication between different subsystems and optimizing overall system performance.
- Provide cross-functional support by debugging across multiple subteams including vision, data collection, and integration, significantly enhancing overall system reliability.

**Object/Image Recognition Team, August 2023 - May 2024**
- Engineered a Python script using PIL to streamline the dynamic composition of 300,000+ geometric targets onto background images and precise labeling of bounding boxes for Machine Learning training on the YOLOv5 architecture. 
- Automated the execution of training and dataset creation code using Slurm scripts on HPC clusters, enhancing efficiency and reducing manual intervention.
- Developed a model to classify geometric target colors from aerial camera input using PIL, OpenCV, and clustering algorithms, significantly enhancing real-time object detection and tracking capabilities for UAVs. 
- Utilized Docker and Docker Compose to containerize various machine learning models. Integrated these containers to create an efficient and scalable object recognition pipeline

---
#### Technologies:
- Python, OpenCV, PIL/Pillow, Numpy, Docker, Docker-Compose, Slurm, ROS, Bash


#### Related Links:
[Student Unmanned Aerial Systems Competition](https://suas-competition.org/competitions/ "The link to the competition website")