---
title: Northrop Grumman Collaboration Project
author: 
layout: post
category: project
---
For the UGV project, I originally was on the platform team where I would be working with Robotic Operating System (ROS) for developing control systems for the vehicle. Later, I transitioned to the Autonomous Team, where I worked on integrating a depth camera using the DepthAI API, experimented with CoppeliaSim, and am refining obstacle avoidance and path-planning algorithms for the vehicle  

---

#### Key Contributions:
**UGV Autonomous Team, August 2024 - Present**
- Integrated a depth camera into the UGV system, leveraging the DepthAI API to customize depth sensing capabilities for specific obstacle avoidance tasks.
- Initiated experimentation with CoppeliaSim simulation environment to develop and test advanced obstacle avoidance algorithms, enhancing the UGV's autonomous navigation capabilities.
- Collaborating with team members to refine and implement autonomous navigation strategies, incorporating depth perception data for improved environmental awareness.

**UGV Platform Team, August 2023 - May 2024**
- Designed and implemented a ROS-based data transmission system utilizing its multiplexer libraries, enabling efficient exchange of control commands and feedback signals.
- Integrated an RPLidar sensor into a robot platform. Configured and calibrated the sensor for accurate data acquisition.
- Employing RViz and Gazebo to simulate the robot’s environment and validate the obstacle avoidance capabilities of the RPLidar.


---
#### Technologies:
- Python, OpenCV, PIL/Pillow, Numpy, Docker, Docker-Compose, Slurm, ROS, Bash


#### Related Links:
[Student Unmanned Aerial Systems Competition](https://suas-competition.org/competitions/ "The link to the competition website")