---
title: Artificial Intelligence of Things Lab
author: 
layout: post
category: project
---
The Aiot lab had 3 different cars that we're being worked on, each of different sizes. I worked with the car that was bought from AgileX robotics which was the biggest car in the group. The research project that made use of this car was for a Master's student thesis. The project explored the potential of mobile robots to revolutionize library services by automating the management of book collections and returns. It involves deploying robots equipped with real-time optical navigation to streamline the process of locating and retrieving books, as well as accurately placing returned books back on shelves. Leveraging the Dewey Decimal Classification system, these robots can identify books by their spine labels and navigate through the library with precision. However, I had some personal things that forced me to not continue with the project in the end and also with the graduation of the Master's student, the project was forced to go in a different direction afterwards. 

---

#### Key Contributions:
- Incorporated an Intel depth camera onto the vehicle and utilized its sensor data to calculate the angle between target position and vehicle from camera.
- Worked on developing a kinematic model for the vehicle to create a controller law based on sensor for image-based visual servoing, increasing the capabilities of autonomous navigation.
- Presented this research and current findings at Cal Poly Pomona's College of Science Symposium

---
#### Technologies:
- Python, OpenCV, PIL/Pillow, ROS